Do you have a betrothal agreement with Consort Rong?
No, Your Majesty.
You and Consort Rong were childhood sweethearts.
Is it true or not?
Not quite childhood sweethearts.
When I was 8 years old, I did receive education from the grand tutor.
But an 8-year-old child understands nothing.
I remember that the Dragon Consort was
Two years younger than me.
One was 8 and the other 6.
Both were still children.
How could they understand?
Thank you, Empress Dowager, for your understanding.
I can’t believe I made him cry.
Even when he was punished by the Empress Dowager in a past life,
I have never seen him cry.
Your Majesty, don’t listen to his one-sided story.
This is what my mother heard.
This young lady,
Why are you slandering Shen and Consort Rong?
Shen has never been betrothed to anyone.
Impossible.
Your Majesty,
What’s happening?
Take this person outside and beat him.
Go on, Your Majesty.
Empress.
Empress, save me, Empress.
He is one of your people.
Consort Rong’s sister?
How could I possibly know her?
But he asked you to save him.
I don’t know.
Perhaps someone is inciting him
To slander me.
Hmph, the father of innocence.
Once I have cleared up the matter with Prince Duan,
You will be the first to face justice.
No good deed goes unpunished.
To Concubine Yan, I will return a great gift.
Your Majesty,
Empress Dowager,
I have something to report.
The true murderer of Lady Zhou
Is the eunuch Ruofeng by Concubine Yan’s side.